What three-game losing streak?
The senior brothers in the mall are too useless this year, right?
Hey
In this way, senior brother, you can go to the front to observe the battle situation first
I'm here waiting for the little junior brother to come out of customs
Why are you waiting here for little junior brother?
With his strength, can he still turn the tide?
Hey, I can't say a few words clearly.
Brother, you can go first
All right.
Little Junior Brother, they don't know your strength
I know you must get out of customs in time.
Hahahaha
Sect Master Ouyang
Is this the surprise you told me about?
We've lost eight straight.
Why is it not as good as last year?
Hahahaha
If you want me to see it, it won't be necessary.
Leng Qiuhua
It seems that you are not very good as a saint
Look at you Skywolf Sect disciples
Really, the grayer the worse.
Huangpu Ye, you dare to humiliate me again
Believe it or not, I'll tear your mouth apart.
how
Want to fight me
Enough Wang Zonggu
It's not over yet.
What's the hurry, keep playing